You've got your LED or Neon interior vehicle lights, however you're now a bit confused as to where all the car interior neon lights and wires go?" Well fear not, we'll show all the "in's & out's" of this type of installation and the simplest way of doing it.

It's an excellent concept to detach the battery before installing any car light accessories. You can do this by detaching the negative battery cable and placing it to one side of the battery where it will not touch any part of the vehiclesbody. It's also smart to have your lorries service handbook convenient for information about the specifics of the electrical system on your car.

For interior vehicle lights, the very best locations to mount the LED or neon tubes are under the dash on both sides simply above where your feet go, however high enough so as not to kick the tubes or damage them. There are also numerous other locations where you can fit them and their area is only limited by your imagination.

To operate the lights manually, you're going to need a switch located near you, so you'll require to buy an easy "2way toggle" switch (or use the switch that may have come with your neon/led tube kit) from your closet custom car accessories store. This switch will be inserted into (in-line with) the main power wire that provides the set with 12Volt power.

Pick if you want your interior automobile lights to turn on instantly when the headlights are turned on, or if you wish to manage the lights individually with a.

" toggle" switch.

You will need to find a wire under the dash near the steering column if you want the neon or LED tubes to light up automatically when the headlights are turned on. This wire you are searching for is yellow or generally red, and it's supplying the "headlight control switch" with 12V power - you're going to have to "tap" into this wire to light-up your neon lights when the headlights are turned on.

If you want to be able to manage the interior car lights independently from the headlights, (best option) then there's two methods you can do this …

1) The power wire can be connected directly to the Positive side of the car battery, or …

2) It can be linked to any 12V power wire from under the control panel.

If you choose to take advantage of a power wire from behind the dash to power your interior cars and truck lights you'll also need to buy a "Circuit Tester" from your nearby custom automobile device store - they only cost about $10 dollars. To utilize this tester is simple, it looks like a pen with an earth wire hanging out the top of it and a clamp attached to the end of the wire, and it has a world inside the middle of the pen, or on its end, which lights up when you have found power somewhere.

To finish the interior automobile lighting circuit - you'll now just require to attach the earth wire coming out from the from your led or neon tubes to the chassis of the vehicle. You can do this in the same method as described above for the earth wire on the tester - anywhere where there is bare steel under the dash is constantly an excellent earth connection for your interior cars and truck lights, even if you find a screw under the dash that is screwed into bare steel and it is holding another wire in location as an earth, you can utilize this too as an earth area.

The control panel earth wire will require to be firmly screwed to the chassis of the vehicle to any "Earth wire" to finish the power circuit.

After your "power" & "earth" connections are complete, your cars and truck interior neon lights must now work. Be sure to check that you have actually made GOOD earth and POWER connections if they appear not real and dull and brilliant.

That's it, you're all done - now all you have to do is put any plastic panels back into place that you may have removed, pack your tools up, and after that head off to show your pals what a great look you've just produced on your vehicle - Enjoy!

Please see our "More-In-depth" and detailed photo showing instructions on How to install LED or Neon interior automobile lights onto your lorry.

