Are you a bit confused about how to install Neon under cars and truck lights on your vehicle? What about the electrical wiring, do you know colors are very important when wiring up neon cars and truck lights? Well if not we'll reveal to you how to set up the under vehicle lights onto your car in the fastest and most easiest method.

Of all, prior to doing * any * electrical work on your vehicle, always disconnect the battery before beginning. Do this by detaching the negativebattery cable television.

Carrying out jobs on cars and trucks, like setting up Neon under cars and truck lights, involves drilling holes into the body of a vehicle, it's very essential to very first check the locations where you're going to mount the under car lights, to be certain you won't pierce or damage any crucial parts such as brake lines, fuel lines and electrical lines, etc

. While the lorry is raised up on a lift or jack determine the very best area for the neon tubes. Ensure they are away from all fuel lines, exhaust systems, locations of extreme heat, moving parts, and locations where a lift jack is used to raise the vehicle.

The simplest way to install the under vehicle neon lights is to begin the screws in the brackets first,( provided in the kit) then holding the bracket in location, insert and tighten the screws into the holes. Make certain that the wires originating from the * side * neon tubes are facing the front of the lorry. It's best to tighten up the screws just enough to hold the bracket in place, then go back after as soon as you are almost completed and separately tighten up each one until it sits firmly.

Next you'll require to locate an area to install the neon light kit transformer.
The preferred location will be somewhere near the battery in the engine compartment and you'll need to drill installing holes for connecting the transformer.

The power wire on the transformer can be connected straight to the Positiveside of the cars and truck battery or to any 12V power wire under the control panel. There will also be an "Earth wire" or Negative ground wire for the neon automobile lights that will need to be firmly screwed to the chassis of the automobile, or to any "Earth wire" to complete the power circuit.

The on-off switch should be mounted in a hassle-free location on the dash and within your reach. Circuitry for the switch can be run through a grommet in the firewall, into the engine compartment where it can be connected to the battery.

The switch and fuse, that will be included in your neon under cars and truck lights set, should be linked in between the power and the transformer supply.

All you require to do now is to plug all the neon tubes into the transformer and complete any extra electrical wiring according to your kit directions and after that you'll be all set to reveal em off!
Please see our "More-In-depth" and step-by-step photo highlighted instructions
How to set up Neon under car lights onto your vehicle.

Are you a bit baffled about how to install Neon under vehicle lights on your vehicle? What about the electrical wiring, do you understand colors are crucial when wiring up neon car lights? Well if not we'll show you how to install the under automobile lights onto your vehicle in the fastest and most easiest way.

Performing projects on cars and trucks, like setting up Neon under cars and truck lights, involves drilling holes into the body of an automobile, its extremely important to very first check the locations where you're going to mount the under cars and truck lights, to be certain you won't pierce or damage any vital parts such as brake lines, fuel lines and electrical lines, etc
.

