It is such an exhilarating thing to be in total control of your very first website. Similar to owning your very first home.

I'm severe, let's explore the 2 for a moment.
First you check things out, you see this wide world and decide to try exploring it. You go out and you reach others and get to talking to them. (Log into a library or school computer system and enter the chatroom).

Now you're connected, you don't wish to have your parents or friends driving you around you wish to be complementary to explore. You purchase your very first automobile! (First computer system - YES! Now you can put whatever YOU want to on it! Oh ... a flame paint job! Yeah!) Okay ... as much enjoyable as buying your very first vehicle was, and as much enjoyable as souping it up was, that was not all you got it for. Time to get out there and explore!

You go out and get yourself thankful for gas and go cruising. The world is a big place however, so you rapidly start acquainting yourself with how the highways are laid out, get a road map or more and set off checking out. (Figure out what all those dot things are. You know.com.net.gov.edu ... Then you run off and find an online search engine [road map] and set off checking out.).

This is sort of nice so you choose possibly you may like to get your own location. Just to try surviving on your own a while, you understand, see if you like it. Your very first apartment or condo! (Free website area) Ahhhh ... this is the ticket! Nobody informing you how late you can keep up, no one complaining about the feet on the coffee table. This is the life ... till you get tired of that blinking Neon sign outside your bedroom window (Banner ad throughout the top of the page) Or the minimal number of colors the landlord said you can paint with (restricted choice of design templates) ... and worst of all ... them damn neighbors who keep calling the polices whenever you turn the music up enough to hear it (VERY minimal bandwidth and/or website traffic enabled).

Residing on your own is not as wonderful as you had first thought. A lot of limitations are cramping your style and in a growing number of places, you can't even get mail provided (no-email service) so you have to go get yourself a Post Office box! (different email account).
Okay, this is simply not working. Your design is too cramped. What do you do?! Buy a location! That's it! Then you can do pretty much anything you desire (within factor), if you own your own place. That bothersome neon sign could be YOURS! (your banner ads), you might invite all your good friends to a party at your location (your own blogging website!), heck, you might even set other bad saps up in low-rent places on your property and make them tolerate your frustrating neon sign flashing in * THEIR * bedroom windows!
Where to begin?
Well, in the real world you would probably begin with a Realtor ... in Cyberspace you start with a hosting business.

My favored hosting company is PlatonicSolid.info. Examine them out for a little while and you'll understand why.

When you get your website the very first thing you desire to do is add stuff to it ... how? Well, you can usually get style help from your hosting service, or, if you're like me, you can dive in and try to develop that world yourself. I recommend that unless you are familiar with site style (or go with a site like PlatonicSolid.info that has such easy to utilize 'what you see is what you get' website editors) you bypass the headaches (and there are a LOT of them) and have someone construct the website to fit your dreams.

Okay ... as much enjoyable as buying your very first automobile was, and as much enjoyable as souping it up was, that was not all you got it for. Too many constraints are cramping your style and in more and more places, you can't even get mail delivered (no-email service) so you have to go get yourself a Post Office box! When you get your site the very first thing you desire to do is include things to it ... how? Well, you can typically get design aid from your hosting service, or, if you're like me, you can dive in and attempt to develop that world yourself. I suggest that unless you are familiar with site design (or go with a website like PlatonicSolid.info that has such easy to use 'what you see is what you get' website editors) you bypass the headaches (and there are a LOT of them) and have somebody build the website to fit your dreams.

