What's going on in the world of style this year? 2012 is going to be a summer with floral print, long skirts, flip-flops, and tribal jewelry. Botanical devices, funky sunglasses, and neon colors are likewise making an appearance. And what about nail polish this year?

Here's a fundamental introduction of style patterns for 2012.

1. Skirts
The long skirt is back for a flow-y appearance this summertime. A few of the latest trends are toward a super-long skirt that covers the ankles. Called maxi skirts, these long skirts offer cool flow to your legs while supplying some protection.

Moxie skirts are likewise coming back. They supply the convenience of shorts and the sassy look of a brief skirt.

2. Colors
This summer season, the colors are different, so there ought to be something for everyone.

- Neon.
If you aren't ready for going neon from head to foot, maybe go with a neon t-shirt or neon accessories like earrings or bracelets. To provide your neon clothes an elegant appearance for 2012, go for customized designs and neon colors that are not painfully intense.

- Floral.
Floral print gowns remain in this year, developing the best person hosting appearance. Floral dresses are also terrific for sophisticated outdoor dining and shopping.

- Black and White.
Ageless but making a comeback, white and black is suitable for 2012. White and black is sort of the "go to" combination that designers have relied on and off for years. And they relied on it again this year!

- White.
Just white - particularly draped, sheer, flowing white - is going to be hot this summertime. The covered look of the material assists prevent that irritating problem all of us deal with when wearing white: stains.

- Mint Green.
Minty green is all over, from trousers to cardigans to shawls. It's a cool-looking color that's trendy in 2012, and it is friendly to lots of complexion and types.

3. Shoes.
The flip-flop is back, so stock up on vibrant variations of this summer classic. Match them with various attires and be stylish and comfortable.

Gladiator sandals are also fashionable, like they were a couple of years back. The high, open appearance is likewise coming out in the form of cut-out booties.

Lace is showing up on pumps in 2012, either as a cover or in the form of trim.

4. Nails.
Short is the method to choose nails in 2012. "Short red nails" are a stand-by, however summer 2012 is going to trend toward pastels and natural French manicures. Believe neat and trim for your nails in 2012.

Botanical devices, funky sunglasses, and neon colors are likewise making a look. Do not let the idea of wearing neon colors frighten you! Neon colors can in fact look quite classy if you put them together. If you aren't all set for going neon from head to foot, perhaps go with a neon t-shirt or neon accessories like earrings or bracelets. To give your neon clothing a trendy look for 2012, go for tailored designs and neon colors that are not painfully brilliant.

